README.md, before:

# Talks and presentations
![ETHBerlin logo](https://github.com/ethberlin-hackathon/media-assets/raw/master/ETHBerlin%20logo%20-%20horizontal%20transparent%20-%20small.png)

If you weren't able to attend ETHBerlin or were there but missed a talk, look no further. This repository maintains a list of presentations that happened at ETHBerlin, with any additional resources that the presenters deem useful. The items on the list are sorted by PR id.

## Presentations
- **(Aragon) True Decentralization** - By Luis Cuende
  - [pdf](resources/true-decentralization/True-decentralization_Luis-Cuende_Aragon.pdf)

- **Getting Started with Web3 and React** - By Razvan Dinicut
  - [pdf](resources/getting-started-web3-react/Getting-started-with-Web3-and-React.pdf)
  - [TweetStream](https://github.com/rdinicut/tweet-stream) - Monorepo, sample dapp
  - [ReactDappRequirements](https://github.com/centrifuge/react-dapp-requirements) - Manage Metamask, Eth accessibility requirements

- **CI/CD For Smart Contract Development on Ethereum** - By Miguel Hervas
  - [pdf](resources/cicd-smartcontract-development/CiForSmartContractDevelopmentOnEthereum.pdf)
  - [CI/CD Sample Pipeline code](https://gitlab.com/mikiquantum/simple-dapp-calculator)

- **(Aragon) Playing Cat and Mouse with the EVM** - By Brett Sun
  - [pdf](resources/cat-and-mouse/pdf.pdf)
  - [keynote](resources/cat-and-mouse/keynote.key)
  - [documentation](https://hack.aragon.org/)

- **(Status) Ethereum: Everyone, Everywhere** - By Andy Tudhope
  - [pdf](resources/ethereum-everyone-everywhere/Ethereum_Everyone_Everywhere.pdf)
  - [keynote](resources/ethereum-everyone-everywhere/Ethereum_Everyone_Everywhere.key)
  - [other resources](https://get.status.im)

- **(MyCrypto) Why Are You Here?** - By Jordan Spence
  - [pdf](resources/why-are-you-here/WhyAreYouHere.pdf)
  - [MyCrypto.com](https://www.mycrypto.com)

- **Baking Utility into NFTs** - By Christopher Robison
  - [About the Presentation](resources/Baking_Utility_into_NFTs/WATCHME.md)
  - [Pre-Recorded Video](https://youtu.be/MzHUo-bOqiA)
  - [Keynote Slides (View Only)](https://www.icloud.com/keynote/0DUPpjDqH9K3wnIY8ilClav9g#EthBerlin_-_Baking_Utility_NFTs_-_KEYNOTE)
  - [NFTweets Demo (Live on Mainnet)](http://nftweets.com/)

- **(OpenST) Running Metablockchains on Ethereum to Scale DApps to billions of users** - By Benjamin Bollen
  - [pdf](resources/metablockchains-on-ethereum/OpenST-Metablockchains-to-scale-DApps.pdf)
  - [keynote](resources/metablockchains-on-ethereum/OpenST-Metablockchains-to-scale-DApps.key)

- **(Gitcoin) How to BUIDL a Mesh Network of Human Beings** - By Kevin Owocki
  - [Google Slides](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1XQU8hYsBkwjSU93xjnyS969vjuvQwy0UrYhdWr4z0YU/edit#slide=id.g3dd8aa8ea9_0_50)
  - [Blog Post](https://medium.com/gitcoin/how-to-buidl-a-mesh-network-of-human-beings-a5293ecca60a)
  
- **Decoding Community - What Drake Can Teach You About Building Community** - By [Brittany Laughlin](http://twitter.com/br_ttany)
  - [Blog post with slides](https://medium.com/@br_ttany/decoding-blockchain-community-c5938d112349)


## Submit your presentation
Thanks for presenting at ETHBerlin. Please consider uploading your files into a sub-directory of [resources](resources/) and add them to list above by making a pull request.

Commit message:

Add ZeppelinOS: Getting started with ZeppelinOS

README.md, after:

# Talks and presentations
![ETHBerlin logo](https://github.com/ethberlin-hackathon/media-assets/raw/master/ETHBerlin%20logo%20-%20horizontal%20transparent%20-%20small.png)

If you weren't able to attend ETHBerlin or were there but missed a talk, look no further. This repository maintains a list of presentations that happened at ETHBerlin, with any additional resources that the presenters deem useful. The items on the list are sorted by PR id.

## Presentations
- **(Aragon) True Decentralization** - By Luis Cuende
  - [pdf](resources/true-decentralization/True-decentralization_Luis-Cuende_Aragon.pdf)

- **Getting Started with Web3 and React** - By Razvan Dinicut
  - [pdf](resources/getting-started-web3-react/Getting-started-with-Web3-and-React.pdf)
  - [TweetStream](https://github.com/rdinicut/tweet-stream) - Monorepo, sample dapp
  - [ReactDappRequirements](https://github.com/centrifuge/react-dapp-requirements) - Manage Metamask, Eth accessibility requirements

- **CI/CD For Smart Contract Development on Ethereum** - By Miguel Hervas
  - [pdf](resources/cicd-smartcontract-development/CiForSmartContractDevelopmentOnEthereum.pdf)
  - [CI/CD Sample Pipeline code](https://gitlab.com/mikiquantum/simple-dapp-calculator)

- **(Aragon) Playing Cat and Mouse with the EVM** - By Brett Sun
  - [pdf](resources/cat-and-mouse/pdf.pdf)
  - [keynote](resources/cat-and-mouse/keynote.key)
  - [documentation](https://hack.aragon.org/)

- **(Status) Ethereum: Everyone, Everywhere** - By Andy Tudhope
  - [pdf](resources/ethereum-everyone-everywhere/Ethereum_Everyone_Everywhere.pdf)
  - [keynote](resources/ethereum-everyone-everywhere/Ethereum_Everyone_Everywhere.key)
  - [other resources](https://get.status.im)

- **(MyCrypto) Why Are You Here?** - By Jordan Spence
  - [pdf](resources/why-are-you-here/WhyAreYouHere.pdf)
  - [MyCrypto.com](https://www.mycrypto.com)

- **Baking Utility into NFTs** - By Christopher Robison
  - [About the Presentation](resources/Baking_Utility_into_NFTs/WATCHME.md)
  - [Pre-Recorded Video](https://youtu.be/MzHUo-bOqiA)
  - [Keynote Slides (View Only)](https://www.icloud.com/keynote/0DUPpjDqH9K3wnIY8ilClav9g#EthBerlin_-_Baking_Utility_NFTs_-_KEYNOTE)
  - [NFTweets Demo (Live on Mainnet)](http://nftweets.com/)

- **(OpenST) Running Metablockchains on Ethereum to Scale DApps to billions of users** - By Benjamin Bollen
  - [pdf](resources/metablockchains-on-ethereum/OpenST-Metablockchains-to-scale-DApps.pdf)
  - [keynote](resources/metablockchains-on-ethereum/OpenST-Metablockchains-to-scale-DApps.key)

- **(Gitcoin) How to BUIDL a Mesh Network of Human Beings** - By Kevin Owocki
  - [Google Slides](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1XQU8hYsBkwjSU93xjnyS969vjuvQwy0UrYhdWr4z0YU/edit#slide=id.g3dd8aa8ea9_0_50)
  - [Blog Post](https://medium.com/gitcoin/how-to-buidl-a-mesh-network-of-human-beings-a5293ecca60a)
  
- **Decoding Community - What Drake Can Teach You About Building Community** - By [Brittany Laughlin](http://twitter.com/br_ttany)
  - [Blog post with slides](https://medium.com/@br_ttany/decoding-blockchain-community-c5938d112349)

- **(ZeppelinOS) Getting started with ZeppelinOS - Upgradeability and on-chain libraries** - By [Facu Spagnuolo](https://twitter.com/facuspagnuolo)
  - [pdf](resources/getting-started-with-zeppelinos/pdf.pdf)
  - [keynote](resources/getting-started-with-zeppelinos/keynote.key)
  - [documentation](https://docs.zeppelinos.org/)
  - [exercise](https://github.com/zeppelinos/zos-ethberlin-exercise) 

## Submit your presentation
Thanks for presenting at ETHBerlin. Please consider uploading your files into a sub-directory of [resources](resources/) and add them to list above by making a pull request.
